Abel: You are a good person who deserves to be happy
I take pride in who I am
I am happy just being me
I am totally comfortable being myself
I have limitless confidence in my abilities
I accept myself deeply and completely
I have accomplished great things
Others are inspired by my ability to be myself
I have confidence in my ability to do whatever I set my mind to
I am finding it easier to love and accept myself
Each day I become more confident in who I am
I will take time to remember all my accomplishments
I will love myself unconditionally no matter what
I am beginning to see all the positive qualities and traits that I have
Others are starting to notice my self acceptance and improved confidence
I am discovering more wonderful things about myself with each passing day
I am beginning to truly love myself
Loving myself feels more natural and effortless
I will always accept myself unconditionally
Loving myself is essential to my happiness
I deserve to go after my goals and do what makes me happy
I find it easy to recognize my positive qualities
Being happy with myself is a normal part of my every day life
I find it easy to be confident and comfortable with who I am
Accepting myself unconditionally gives me the power to succeed
I know I have the right to be happy and nothing can take that away from me
Loving myself and being happy with who I am comes naturally to me
I truly like myself and this helps others to accept me for who I am
I have a natural awareness of all the positive things in my life
I am sunshine.
I have a beautiful laugh.
My smile makes others smile.
I exude warmth and kindness.
My heart is full of love for who I am.
Love is what I believe in most of all.
My hugs are full of love and warmth.
I bring joy to the world.
I rock at being me!
I am proud of the person I am today, and the person I will be tomorrow.
I work hard and know my worth.
I have many skills to offer.
I place value on the experience I have, and my ability to learn and grow more.
I have the inner strength to navigate challenges at work.
I have my own definition of success.
I take pride in the work I do.
Work is an important part of my life but it is not my sole purpose or passion.
When I work, I apply myself with focus and positivity.
I take time to rest after working hard.
I am reliable, responsible and respected at work.